the Holy Land 12 centuries after the
birth of Christ it was a time of fear
beneath the time of war don't let it get
away and the only hope of ending the
bloodshed lay in the hands of history's
most notorious killers
how'd i hear i hold here a list nine men
who need to die they are playing ringers
who dare disrespect me or because like
his legs open them their power and
influence corrupts the land and ensures
the Crusades continue these men must be
destroyed have you any questions only
where I need beginning shrouded in
secrecy this creature clave to the
shadows trained from birth to master the
art
the streets run red with the blood of
his victims the brothers hunted their
prey without rest you don't frighten me
so yourself delivered the killing blow
without mercy and escaped to fight
another day don't let him get away
for they were the assassins and that was
their Creed
ornithol the 40 master the art of the
kill Assassin's Creed